The most important thing I learned about working in 3D space with Three.js is that the camera plays a big part in creating a 3D space. The difference from working in 2D is that you have to think of the lighting to make it look like it is 3D. The shadows and highlights are what helps the object look 3D and not 2D. 

The scale was one of the most challenging parts of this project. It was mostly getting the scale of the model to be in proportion to the sphere and the cone. Debugging was another challenge for this project. I used AI to figure out the errors because I would have almost certainly not been able to figure it out by myself, as reading code is not intuitive for me, and I would have given myself a big headache trying to figure out why the code was not working. 

I immediately thought of making a scoop of ice cream in a cone by using the cone and sphere. For the model, I thought of having an ice cream scooper to go with the ice cream in a cone. I tried to make the scooper look like it was placing the sphere onto the cone. However, I couldn't figure out how to do that. Maybe it was because the model was not a side view of the scooper. 

If I had more time, I would make the proportion of the ice cream and the scooper closer or use a different model for it. Also, I would experiment with having the scooper in motion as if it were placing the scoop of ice cream on the cone. The part that I am most interested in exploring further is how I could make art by using Three.js. It would be exciting to create new art or even recreate some of the art I have already made, but in 3 dimensions. This would create a totally different viewing experience for people who see my art.  
